Short:        3D rhythm game for your MOD collection
Author:       arcanist@amigageek.com
Uploader:     arcanist@amigageek.com
Type:         game/misc
Architecture: m68k-amigaos >= 1.2
Requires:     OCS PAL, 68000, 512K, or better
URL:          https://amigageek.com/modsurfer
Version:      1.1

ModSurfer is a rhythm game inspired by the PC title AudioSurf. Select a
MOD music file from your collection and a 3D track will created for you
to surf on. Roll over the tiles on the ground to score points and keep the
music going. Miss a tile and the instrument won't play, making a right mess
of the music!

Use the file browser to select a MOD file and click the Start Game button.
Move left/right with the mouse. Joystick and keyboard (A and D) are also
supported but a mouse is highly recommended. You can exit a track early
by pressing the Escape key. You can also return to Workbench from the menu
with the Escape key.

This game can be run from a hard disk after unpacking the archive. If you
prefer to play from floppy, or have limited RAM, there is a bootable ADF
image included in the archive. ModSurfer will run on any Amiga at 50 FPS.
Larger MODs may require more chip RAM to load.

No MOD collection? Not a problem! You can find a set of curated MOD files
in LHA and ADF format at the URL below. The fast tracks are guaranteed to
get your foot tapping and your heart pumping!

https://amigageek.com/modsurfer

This game is a product of the English Amiga Board (EAB) game development
competition in 2018. It began as an experiment in lead instrument detection
using a mix of spectral analysis and information in the MOD pattern data,
but grew into something much more beautiful.

Source code (mixed C/assembly) is included in the archive and can be browsed
at the URL below. It is cross-compiled using the Amiga GCC port, which is
currently maintained by bebbo. ModSurfer uses a modified version of the
ptplayer MOD replayer library (mus/play/ptplayer), without which this project
would not have been possible.

https://github.com/amigageek/modsurfer

Changes:

1.1
---

- Program FMODE and BPLCON4 for compatibility.
